You are watching a life-impacting message preached by Bishop Richard Iey.
Bishop Richard Iey is the pastor of the First Love Church London, a denomination founded by Bishop Dag Hewitt Mills.
The First Love Church is full of zealous young people who love and desire to work for the Lord.
You will be encouraged and uplifted as you listen to this powerful message.
Hi everyone, thank you so much for tuning in to First Love Church London Live.
You will truly experience the presence of God as you enjoy today's service.
In today's service you can expect to be blessed by powerful moments of prayer,
intimate moments of praise and worship, lovely testimonies and ministrations, and of course, the powerful word of God will be preached by our very own pastor, Bishop Richard Iey.
Today's service is going to be exciting, it's going to be beautiful, it's going to be lovely, and I'm sure that you are going to enjoy each and every moment.
If you're watching live on Facebook, why not tell a friend or a family member to also watch live too?
You can let them know that we are live here all afternoon and that we would love for them to tune in with us too.
Send them the link to this stream, it's available to watch across the globe, so send to everyone you know so that they can also be blessed and encouraged.
Whilst you're enjoying the service, leave a comment, let us know what you're being blessed by as we would love to hear from you.
Today's service is just getting started and I cannot wait to head on in just as I'm sure that you are.
So with that much further ado, welcome to First Love Church London.
I'm for Stella.
Are you going to cherish the love of God, cherish the grace of God, cherish the time that you have to work?
Were you listening to the song?
She said that your time is passing by, but I believe that today as the word of God comes, you'll be encouraged to do more for Jesus.
Amen.
Stand to your feet.
I want you with a shout on to God and with excitement,
for what he's about to do in your life, to clap your hands and scream as our pastor and our father, Bishop Rich and I, to preach to us.
Thank you, Jesus.
Father, we thank you for your word today, Lord.
Heal us, save us, bless us, counsel us, O God, through your word.
Thank you for the might of your spirit that shall be felt and experienced in the preaching and the sharing of your word.
Say hello to two people and take your seat.
Just two and then you take your seat.
Two and take your seat, that's all.
Beautiful.
Good to see all of you again.
You're all welcome to church today.
I even joined the prayer time.
Do you want more of that?
Okay.
So like I said last week for a season, for this season, I don't know how long the season is, but for this season we'll be praying for at least an hour every Sunday.
So if you don't like prayer, like I told you, you time it, Sela will start singing.
I mean, around this time.
So you come to church around this time.
So you miss the prayer that you receive seller.
Then after seller is me.
Yes.
So you can also come to church for that if that's what you want.
But those who like to pray and want to pray and receive.
But you guys very dark here.
I can't see you.
I can't see whether you are happy or you are not happy.
You know.
So.
You have to smile a lot so I can see your teeth.
Otherwise I can't tell what's happening there.
Because you've blended it into the shadows of it.
Why, why are you laughing?
So when you see me approaching, I need to see teeth.
Then I know that you are alive because the shadows of the afternoon.
has swallowed you up.
Okay?
But why is there no light there?
Anyway, for...
Is that light here?
But it still feels brighter.
What do I say?
There's light here.
There's no light, but it feels brighter.
And it's the white tops, isn't it?
Yes, the white tops.
Look, they shouldn't feel too good quickly because sometimes you don't know why.
You don't know why.
You don't know why things are certain ways sometimes.
Before I realized you are taking glory that you shouldn't be taking.
You see, I was reading a passage the other day.
Maybe I should show it to you.
I think it was.
I think it was Deuteronomy chapter 9.
Do you want to see it?
Sometimes you think something is a reason why, something is but it's not a reason.
Look, what are you talking about?
Deuteronomy chapter nine.
That was it.
I was reading it the other day.
It says that here, O Israel, thou art to pass.
I just want to show you.
I mean, one day he said, it's bright there, and I noticed that it's a white shade that has brought light.
If these people were wearing white, this place would be bright as well.
But they may think that maybe for some other reason.
Then I remembered this passage that I read.
So that's why I'm just reading it to help us understand how sometimes we feel in life.
You can feel that something is a reason why certain things are the way they are.
But that is not the reason.
It's for another reason.
So he says that here, oh Israel, are you listening?
This is not part of the message.
an extract for happiness.
So that you know the Bible, so that you know, I mean, event, event, it will help you know God and understand God and understand life.
That's why I'm reading this passage here.
Oh Israel now are to pass over Jordan this day to go in to possess nations greater and mightier than thyself, cities great and fenced up to heaven.
Can you imagine such a calling?
That God is calling you to go and possess nations that are greater and mightier than you.
And the people, great and tall, the children of the Anakems, whom thou knowest and of whom thou hast heard say, who can stand before the children of Anak?
Then he says to them, verse three, understand therefore this day,
that the Lord thy God is he which goeth over before thee.
As a consuming fire, he shall destroy them and he shall bring them down before thy face.
Understand that it is God who is doing something.
So shall thou drive them out and destroy them quickly as the Lord has said unto thee.
Then verse four is what I need you to see.
He says, speak not thou in thine heart.
After that, the Lord thy God has cast them out before thee, saying, for my righteousness, the Lord has brought me in to possess this land.
But for the wickedness of these nations, the Lord doth drive them out before thee, not for thy righteousness or for the uprightness of thine heart.
does thou go to possess their land?
But for the wickedness of these nations, the Lord thy God doth drive them out before thee, and that he may perform the word which the Lord swore unto thy fathers Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
Understand therefore that the Lord thy God giveth thee not this good land to possess it for thy righteousness, for thou art a safe-necked people.
Can you see him saying three times?
Understand that it is not because you are good, but because I'm not happy with them.
So sometimes you get a chance in life to do something not because you are good, but because somebody has failed.
Yes, because somebody didn't do well.
Understand, you have to understand it.
That's not the chance that you have.
It's not because you are so good.
You are so righteous.
You are so perfect.
You've been fasting.
You've been praying.
You've been doing good things.
You've never done this before.
Never.
It's not because of that.
But rather because somebody has failed.
And so God is saying, this is your chance.
This is your chance.
Proud people.
Stiff naked people.
This is your chance.
So try.
You two try and let's see.
To say, I'm giving you the land.
And he said, I'm even going ahead of you.
I said, consume fire.
to bring them down, to pull them down, and then you will come in.
So as you are coming in, you'll be feeling good.
That you are anointed, you are mighty, you are strong.
So you say, understand, understand.
Before you get there, understand.
Understand that you are where you are because somebody has failed.
You are not there because you are good.
In other words, your assessment has not even begun.
Yeah, you haven't even started your exam.
You may be doing what you are doing.
You have the chance to do what you are doing because somebody refuse to do it.
So it's like, who is next in line?
Yeah?
Come on.
Let's see whether you will do it.
It's not because you are better than anything.
Is that what he's saying?
That you are not better than the nations that are being given to you.
You are not better than them.
Wow.
So you've learned something today from Deuteronomy chapter nine, isn't it?
Yes.
So you understand life.
So when you see some things, you may feel...
It's very easy to think that you are good, isn't it?
Very easy to think that you are good, you are nice, you are perfect, you are beautiful, you are to be chosen.
I mean, you deserve some things.
It's very easy.
It's almost...
It's not just easy, but I think it's even natural.
It's even natural to think that I'm here because I'm very good.
I'm very anointed.
I've not done this before.
I'm not this way.
I'm not like that.
God said that's not at all.
Rather, you've got a chance because somebody has failed.
So it's supposed to make you humble because you are now about to start your exam.
You're about to start your exam.
You've got a chance to write the exam because somebody didn't pass.
And we need someone to fill that place.
So come and write the exam and see if you qualify.
Wow.
Wasiko.
Yes.
If someone is choosing you as a beloved, don't think because you are beautiful that you are nicer than his ex.
You're more soft-spoken.
You're fairer.
I mean, you're fairer.
No.
Rather, fear for yourself.
Fear for yourself as you're entering because you've only got a chance because the first one failed.
If the first one didn't fail, he would never even look at you twice.
So it means that you have to be humble.
Humble.
When God calls you, God is using you.
Don't say, I'll be in you.
He's used it because, you know, you are the type.
You are the type that is into righteousness.
No.
rather ask yourself, who was there before you?
Who are those who have been asked to do the same task?
If they didn't do it or they didn't do it well, that's giving you a chance to do it.
It's giving you a chance.
Understand therefore.
Anyway, so today I want to share with you about...
God, this can easily become a message for today.
I don't want to be tempted.
Yes, because I just found accidentally when I was talking about lights.
And that's what some people were feeling good.
And I realized that it's the white top that has made that place shine.
Yes.
So understand therefore that it's the top you chose today.
That's brought some brightness here.
And the top they chose, that made that place dark.
It's not because you are fairer than them.
Wow.
It's not amazing.
Life is amazing, isn't it?
But it helps you understand God and to work with God, isn't it?
So today, today, I just want to share.
I feel like I should share with you
a message about faith.
And I just feel that as we move on, because I feel it's something we need to be injected with every now and then.
I want to recommend this book to you.
And not for this month or this week or at least for this year.
At least for this year.
I want everybody here to own that book, to own a copy and to be reading it.
There are some things, I mean books.
You don't read cover to cover as they have finished.
You have to eat it in bits.
You take a bit here and then you live off it for a while.
So I want you to read.
Are you going to get it?
I want everybody here, everybody, including first timers and second timers and third timers and first years and second years.
There are no final years here.
What's a book called Faith Secrets?
Faith Secrets, yes.
Faith Secrets.
It's your book for the year.
So this year, I want you to have that book and be, you know, biting, biting of it.
Yes, I think that's the word I want.
You bite, you bite a bit.
Then you chew it up.
But you must have it because, you know,
I was showing you the other time.
Four times the Bible says that the just shall live by faith.
I think it's Habakkuk 2.4, Galatians 3.11, Romans 1.17, and there's one more.
Hebrews 10.38.
Yes, Hebrews 10.38.
All conquerors say, take me back to Habakkuk 2.4.
He said, but the just shall live
by his faith.
Your faith is defining you.
Your faith is saying who you are.
Your life is your faith.
The life that you are now living, it's explaining to you your level of faith.
Because there are levels of faith.
There are levels of faith.
Everybody has a certain level of faith.
And the life that you are living, the life that you have now,
It's explaining to you and to everybody who cares to know and is interested in you your level of faith.
The type of faith that you have and what you have and what you are using and what you are doing.
So they just shall live by his faith, by his faith.
Not by somebody's faith, but by his faith.
You are living according to your faith.
That's why you see some, you see some who is a Christian or a Christian, all right, but the level of commitment is different.
But we are all Christians.
It's not as though this one is not a Christian and this one is a Christian.
We are all Christians, but the level of commitment, devotion, sacrifices are different.
What this one will do, this one won't do, but we are all Christians.
And they're saying that we are all Christians and we are all living.
But we are living.
Each one is living according to his faith, his faith.
I'm living according to my faith.
I can't live for you.
I don't know whether you've discovered that you should have discovered that by now, that I can't live for you and I'm not living for you.
I'm living for myself.
And I'm trying to encourage part of my life is to try and encourage you to also raise up your levels of faith and your commitment to God.
It's part of the faith that I have.
And what I believe I'm called to do is to encourage you that our God is a good God.
So give more of yourself to him.
Serve him more.
Know him more.
So you can choose what you want.
But I'm not living for you.
I'm not living for anybody.
I'm not living for any of you.
I'm not living for my children.
I'm not living for my wife.
I'm living for myself.
I have my faith.
She has a faith.
They have their faith.
And you also have your faith.
They just shall live by his faith.
Hey, as I'm approaching the gates of heaven, when I get there, I haven't left for any of you.
It is me.
When you also get there, don't go and say my pastor was... You are joking there.
It will be what have you done?
What did you do?
What did you believe?
What did you not believe?
What did you obey?
What did you not obey?
It will be you.
Me?
I'll be gone.
I'll say I told them.
I told them.
Did I not tell you?
Am I not telling you?
Have I not told you?
Am I told you?
read it.
It stayed on the screen.
That the just shall live by his faith.
So it is not, it's not what I needed to see here.
It's not something that you're going to do in the future.
It's something that you are doing now.
The just is living by his faith.
It's not that you're now going to do, you're going, okay, the just shall live by his faith.
Okay, I'm going to live by my faith.
No, the just, the life of the just is a manifestation of his faith.
Yes, that's the life of the just.
Every just man that you see is living according to his faith.
He's living according to, he's living according to the principles that he believes in.
and the extent to which he believes in it.
Because some of us we believe in, some of us don't believe in some things.
There are different drivers on the road.
Yes.
Different drivers.
Some are driving, they don't have a license.
Are you listening to me?
Some are driving, they have three points.
Some have six.
Some have been banned from driving.
They don't even care.
They are still driving.
Some have six points.
The next move they make, they'll be banned.
They don't care.
According to what he respects.
Yes, what he respects.
What he respects.
Some respect speed cameras.
Some don't respect speed cameras.
Is it one day?
One of her sisters, one of her sisters, I think had one of these road accidents.
Someone drove into her or whatever.
When she came out, they also came out, about three ladies came out of the car and she was alone.
Three ladies.
The addressing was this kind of you cover your hair, cover your things, yes.
No problem.
It doesn't mean anything.
I'm just giving you a more description of what they look like.
Well, if it means something to you, it's according to your faith.
So, I mean, they had a car, normal car.
You guys, she saw the car there.
She even took pictures of the car.
She took pictures of the carriage, everything.
So the exchange details that, okay, because we admit,
It's our fault, everything, no problems.
So she took everything.
And then with this, you are calm.
And then they sat in the car, real human beings.
They sat in the car and they drove off.
Then she called her insurance.
I've just had this thing with this world.
I've got their details, even their name.
This is the name.
This is the name of the driver.
This is the carriage.
Make a model.
Everything.
They check everywhere till today.
That car doesn't exist.
They check everything till today or something.
The car doesn't exist.
The rent doesn't exist.
It's not a car.
The car is not a car.
Yes.
I'm explaining to you that there are different types of people on the road.
on the road, the place is on the road, but the place doesn't exist.
Yes.
The other somebody also said that he's got a call.
Got a call from the police or something that he's had an accident.
He said, how can I have an accident?
I'm here having an accident.
No, it's your car, it's your carriage.
No, they say yes, that is my, it is not me.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
There's somebody has his courage moving in town.
Moving.
In London, I'm not talking about Lagos or Accra or any of those who say London.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm not talking about China, London.
I'm not even talking about Birmingham, London.
Here, here.
Here, here, here.
I'm not talking about Nairobi.
Here.
So I'm explaining to you that everybody lives according to their principles.
Even their church.
Everybody has their principles.
We say we do this, do this, we do this like this, but...
It's like, look.
Hey.
This is what I'll live by, and I'll live by it up to this point.
I'll live by it, but I'll live by it up to this point.
Let's say the just is known by the principles he respects.
That is his faith.
His principles, the things that he likes and the things that he would do.
He would do some this, he wouldn't do some things.
In my life in the university, I had classmates, not other people, classmates who I would see
in the semester once, max twice.
Max twice.
I'll see them again.
The next time I'll see them, we'll be in the example.
And I remember, I used to ask, how are they going to make it?
How are they going to make it?
But do you know what?
One of them got first class.
One of them, one of those, he got first class.
Yes.
He, he especially, I will see it like once.
I don't know how he does it.
He just appears at the beginning of the semester.
Then we don't see him again.
I don't know where he goes.
I don't know what he does.
But come exam, you see, he's in the example.
He go first classes.
He doesn't come for the lectures, but we used to look for him to explain some things to us and he will explain it to us.
We don't know.
We don't know whether he was a godfather, a grandfather.
We don't know who he is and what he is.
Yes.
He was living according to his own set of principles and rules.
The school has the general faith.
He was going by his
There were others too, the others who also had the same life, but we didn't see them again.
They became submarines.
We didn't see them again.
We don't know what happened to them.
So sometimes you'll be following somebody.
But you must live according to your faith.
What somebody is doing.
before somebody has asked you into help.
The just shall live by his faith.
Okay, now you can show us another one.
Are you understand that just shall live by faith?
Show us another one.
Give us another one.
Is this another one?
No, same one.
Have you got another one for us?
Galatians 3, 11.
Frozen.
Command it to defrost.
No, but in any case, in any case, these are different passages that are all talking to us and telling us that they just shall live by your faith, meaning therefore that the faith of the believer
It's a very, very important thing that you have to respect.
You have to pay attention to.
You have to be mindful of it and ask yourself that.
Ask yourself.
Ask yourself that.
I know you.
You are Mrs. Ife, isn't it?
Oh, OK.
But why have they separated you from your husband?
No problem.
Just for a little while.
OK. Yeah.
What can I be?
Look, the believer
must be mindful of his faith because it's like your heart.
It's like your heart.
If you're following God, relating with God, your faith is what you must be staring at all the time.
You see, one thing I discovered recently is that the Bible teaches different subjects, isn't it?
It teaches what?
Love.
It teaches prosperity.
You know, there's prosperity in the Bible.
And then what else?
Anointing.
OK. Anointed.
Yes.
And what else does the Bible teach?
What?
Salvation.
Yes.
It is our salvation.
What else will you learn from the Bible?
Humility.
OK. What else will you learn from the Bible?
Give me big things that you can learn from the Bible.
Prayer.
Are you there?
Because, you see, your faith, your faith perhaps, perhaps your faith is the most attractive part of you where God is looking at you.
Sometimes we think it's our failings.
Where we are failing.
A lot of people like to measure themselves by their failings.
What they have failed in.
What they couldn't do.
What they haven't done.
Where they have failed.
But God is also looking at you from what you have done.
And what you can do.
And what you should be doing.
And what you did.
Not what you didn't do.
But we are so affected by what we couldn't do.
And what we did that we shouldn't have done.
Isn't it?
When you read that chapter in Hebrews chapter 11,
It talks about the faith of people.
And it talks about people that you know and people that you don't know.
And it's like the Bible is pointing at, look, look at all these things.
It tells you that faith is a very important thing.
Faith is a very important thing.
Look at all these, all the different things that have been done in the Bible.
Prosperity, prayer.
We don't have a chapter or whatever that is dedicated to prosperity.
Maybe there is, but I haven't seen.
where there is a list of different people who prosper in one chapter.
I know Abraham was rich.
Who else was rich?
Solomon.
I know Solomon was rich.
I know Job was rich.
But they are all scattered and dotted in different places.
You have to pull them together.
But this one is written and listed.
This one had faith.
This one used his faith for this.
This one through faith.
This one by faith.
So it gives you a whole chapter list of different people and from different backgrounds.
And their faith have been put together for the church to see.
And to know the importance of your faith.
So as you are sitting here today, you are your faith.
You are not my faith.
You are your faith.
You are who you are and what you are based on not what you believe in, but how you believe in the things that you know and the things you're supposed to.
How you believe it.
The other scripture says that without faith it is impossible to please God.
It is impossible.
It is impossible to please God without faith.
Without.
If you don't have it, if you don't have it, and now it's like God is saying, forget it.
Forget.
You don't have faith.
You don't believe in anything.
You don't want to do anything.
You don't want to sacrifice for anything.
You don't want to live in a way that means that you are believing in me, following me, trusting me.
Then forget it.
Forget it.
without faith it is impossible to please him.
For he that comments to God must believe that he is.
He is.
So it's just you're living your life every day.
Every day.
It's showing your level of faith and your interpretation of faith or of the word of God or the principles of life.
I'm encouraging you today to believe in higher things and greater things and things that it takes the command and instruction of God.
It's very hard breaking to see young guys, young
Young males.
Now I'm talking to the males.
To see young males whose only dream is to secure a pair of hips.
It's not like I'm not rude.
I'm not vulgar.
I'm not even funny.
I'm encouraged when you laugh, but I'm not funny.
You understand?
All my life in weddings, I've been in the church for many years.
I've only been chosen once to be an emcee.
And I think it was a disaster.
Because I could tell that I wasn't chosen again.
Because if you're an emcee for a wedding, people must laugh.
You must have jokes.
You must even pace yourself a bit.
No.
I did everything.
And I said, we finished.
Let's share the grace and go home.
That was the first and last time that anybody said, let's bring this man as an MC.
Nobody has ever chosen me again.
Nobody.
And I'm happy if not too, because it was a chore.
It was too much work.
I don't have the grace for such a thing.
I mean, to come and stand there, relax, let's do this, let's laugh, okay.
Do the kid, they're cutting the cake, cutting.
Oh, cut it, cut it.
Cut it.
Has it been cut?
Have you finished cut?
Okay, cut.
Cut for them.
Let's go and sit down.
Yes.
Finish.
So I'm saying that it's heartbreaking to see a young adult male that his faith, his zeal, energy is to secure or acquire a pair of heaps.
A pair means two.
So to get a human being who has hips.
And that's his greatest achievement.
It's like, it's like that is, that is what.
It's like, it's like when he secures Daphne, it's like I'm a man.
Sometimes I see people giving their wives instructions.
Like the whole battle side, my wife shooting to death.
It's like don't do this.
Don't go for dismissal.
Don't go to church here or don't do this.
And I keep, you see, I, sometimes I'll tell the wife a little, you know what?
Just do it.
Because it looks as though that is what success and being a man means to him.
That he can control you.
That's all because if you are out of his life, he has nothing.
He's so, he's so, you say, he said, he becomes a pair of balls.
a pair of books.
Can't preach.
Can't start a church.
Can't go on missions.
Can't convert souls.
Can't even have a center.
Even a center with even let's even say 15 people have come.
All he has.
All he has is this poor girl.
When you when you
It's like, you know, I'm explaining something to you.
Because when I look at you, if I look at you, you see, young boy, what is your dream and your aim?
I mean, the only thing that matters to you is to have a pair of hips.
Excuse me.
No disrespect.
Then I'll call you a pair of balls.
If that's all you can achieve, if that's all you can achieve, then you are balls.
That's all you use your faith for.
That's all you that's all you can count in your life that you have acquired and secured.
It's to lead hips about.
When souls are perishing.
Territories, territories to be taken.
There are territories to be taken.
We need
to rise up and be preachers and be ministers.
And all you have, all you have achieved is hips.
Then you should have told me I would have donated one to you for free.
I'm speaking to every adult
that change your faith levels.
Change it.
I mean, I mean, Prince, you can't, I mean, you can't, you cannot, you cannot live in that or your whole world, your whole world.
I mean, how old are you now?
23 years.
I mean, young boy, young seller, you can't, you cannot reduce yourself to balls.
God forbid.
You can't.
You cannot.
And I'm telling you, as long as I remain your pastor, I will not allow you unless you walk out on me because you are free to.
But if I remain your pastor, you will hear such messages.
Fifi the same.
Yes.
You can't.
I mean, you can't.
You can't just make yourself as people who are just the way or if we can secure some
I'm a man.
Oh, come on.
Come on.
Which edgy you belong to?
Who is your trainer?
Who is your pastor?
Yes.
When did we start hailing such things?
Yes, we are pro marriage.
It means that we are pro beloved.
But it's just, it's just, it's just, I don't know how many steps I've made.
I've taken today.
It's just one of the steps of life.
I walked from Oval Station here.
I didn't know what I've walked over.
I'm explaining to you that some of this is like one of the steps you take in life to a more important destination.
Yes.
What was important to me this morning was to arrive here.
I was looking for Alec Stewart Gate.
Not, not how many, not how many stones have I walked over?
I don't even know how many traffic lights I walked past.
But I had to go past them.
Some of the things in your life, you just, you see they are necessary things, but it is not where you end up.
So you walk past them.
But if you stay there, if you stay there, you have reduced yourself to nothing.
There's not much respect for you.
You may think there's respect for but there's no respect for you.
You're preaching.
The message is hot.
Yes.
You will see that.
You will see that you've become good for nothing.
Good for nothing.
I mean you are you are good.
You are a good person but good for what?
Good for what?
Because what you be parading and pride in yourself, I'll show you decent unbelievers who have it.
Decent unbelievers.
Decent unbelievers who have good homes.
Good homes.
Who sit at table, who sit at table every day.
Husband, wife and children.
And they even say a prayer.
God bless the cook.
God bless the eater.
And God bless the person who wash the plates.
Amen.
Let's eat.
they pray.
You don't even pray.
You say you've prayed in your head.
They pray.
They will sit at table and say, let's pray.
And they'll even say, our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come.
You don't know it.
You will be saying it by now.
You see, even if you read study Jesus, Jesus always commanded people of faith.
Yes, people of faith.
You will say, never have I seen such great faith.
Then you will say, oh ye of little faith.
He said to people who are looking for what they will wear, what they will drink and what they will eat.
People who buy labeled orange juice.
And labeled shoes.
Shoes with a name.
He said to them, he said, boy, you have little feet.
He said this one, he said, it's the type of feet that is little.
It's little.
It's like, it's a small boy feet.
You've used your feet, but it's on small things.
You believe God for a beloved you have a you have a beloved so so what?
Come on.
If your eyes are there are greater things that are beckoning calling you calling you to do that.
Let's save God.
Come on.
Let's work for God.
Let's save souls.
Come on.
Let's build the church.
Let's build the kingdom of God.
Come on.
Got a car.
Car.
House.
Got a job.
69K.
Receive it.
Yes.
Receive good jobs.
I also receive it for you.
No problem.
No, but listen to me.
Listen carefully.
Great job.
You have good jobs.
But I'm challenging you.
that don't stop there.
Don't stop there.
How come since you graduated, you haven't applied to come full time?
How come?
Because others have.
Others have.
Since they finished uni, they've not even spent even half a day, half a day in any circular job.
As soon as they finish, they said, hey, I'm all yours, Lord.
I'm all yours, Lord.
Take me.
Whilst you are dedicating cars.
And changing your wardrobe.
Hey!
I just, when they finish, like, and they say, finish though, don't, don't.
Don't say that God has called you so you won't finish.
That one too, we don't accept here.
Yes.
They finished.
They said, this is my graduation, whatever.
This is it.
Certificate.
To the side.
Give me God.
Give me ministry.
Give me my calling.
Compare that to you.
You finish.
You've got 69k job.
Your next great achievement is mortgage.
When God is speaking to Israel, I shall make a difference between Israel and Egypt.
You are adopting Egyptian standards.
Hey.
It's a message.
It's an injection too.
It's a faith injection.
It's not a series.
I don't think when I ever appear next and they have to think, no, it's an inject.
I'm injecting something into your spirit.
Get that book and read it for a year.
Read it for the whole year.
Read it.
Buy it.
Buy it a bit.
Move along because your faith is who you are.
It is who you are and what you are.
And just some examples when I give maybe it looks, it looks, it looks funny, but it's real because you can tell that that's what somebody is living for.
That's the person.
The person is resigned.
It's resigned to this thing.
Like once I get this thing, I am accomplished.
I am accomplished.
And I'm saying that do not tell yourself you are accomplished because you have that thing.
Else you reduce yourself.
I don't know how many you have.
Oh, I might say a batman.
never since had great faith.
He said, oh, you have little faith.
He said, oh, faithless generation.
He said, what?
They said they have faithness.
And you hear his comments.
He said, faithless generation.
He said, what these people?
What they don't have?
They don't show any faith at all.
They don't show any faith.
He said, they don't believe in God at all.
Yet they are just people.
They go to church.
They are Christians.
No faith.
He said, oh, faithless generation.
Faithless.
Do nothing for God.
Won't do anything for God.
Won't add themselves to anything to do for God.
Hey.
And you see?
Those of you who are even at the wedding yesterday, I was saying that.
You see, to the, to the, to the who?
to the person who built his house on the rock and the person who did his house, built his house on the sand.
They both are the same experiences.
You see, your experiences, what you are going through is not what defines you.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
It doesn't define you.
It is your response to the experience.
Everybody has the same experiences.
Look, Jesus spoke in Matthew chapter 13 about something called, something called the parable of the soul.
Parable of the soul.
Which I'm using it and I'm using just that bit to explain your faith level to you.
All the four different types of soils receive seed.
That is, they had the word.
The word was preached to them.
Then he said, one of them, one of them, are you giving me Matthew 13?
Daniel, be anointed today.
Keep going.
I need the bit that says, when he was explaining it, the bit that talks about persecution.
So 20, go to 20.
He said, but he never received the seed into stony places.
You see the important thing here,
What you have to pay attention to is that, are you a stony place?
Are you that type of believer?
Because you have received the word.
It's not that you didn't receive the word.
You received the word, but you are a certain type of soil.
So because you are like a stony type of soil, your response to the good things that you've received is different.
The best of stony places, the same is he.
that heareth the word.
And unknown, that is immediately with joy, receiveeth it.
The same person will say, preach it, preach, what a word.
Then verse 21, yet has he not root in himself?
That I'm saying that, you see, I'm not living for you.
I don't know whether it sounds a bit non-pastoral or,
pastorally incorrect.
But I'm living for myself.
I'm living for myself.
Yet has he not rooted in himself, but georeth for a while?
Then when tribulation or persecution arrives at, who doesn't go through tribulation?
Who doesn't go through persecution?
Who hasn't got trouble?
Who doesn't have troubles?
Who?
No, not one.
But everybody has different types of trouble.
In other words, we all have different things that offend us.
Different things offend us.
What will offend you may not offend me.
And what will offend me may not offend you.
We all have different things that offend us.
That was somebody who said, I don't take nonsense.
No, you are lying.
You don't take a certain type of nonsense.
But there are other nonsense that you have taken.
It's true.
Yeah.
He said, tribulation and persecution arises because of the word, by and by he's offended.
By and by he's offended.
You be there.
Amen.
You also come to check late for a good reason.
This year, there will be a lot of weddings.
Is it
Next time, you will not be the one looking on longingly.
Somebody will be looking at you longingly because you'll be the one who has come in to sit down, wearing if it's green, it's green for the day.
It's all planned.
So everybody has a type of tribulation and persecution that offends them, that offends them.
So they don't offend you.
Everybody has to offend them.
In other words, everyone has what makes them trip.
Trip and fall.
When you offend them, you become blind.
And you only concentrate on the offender.
But you are the one who is down.
Usually the offender is even walking and standing.
The day you become stronger, the same kind of obstacle, stumbling block will be thrown in front of you and you will step over it.
You will not even notice.
That means that your faith level has changed.
Your faith level has changed.
You've gone higher.
So it's like, whoo, this doesn't, it's like, how can a message offend you?
Then you are cannot.
No, no.
It's somebody's real problem.
I mean, there are people here, if I mentioned their names, like I mentioned these two guys, that's the last thing I can see them.
Either the last day or they'll take a break for a while, and then they'll come.
When they come next time, they'll say they've joined the media team.
They'll be at the back.
It's true.
You think I don't know?
I know where I take my things.
There's some people I won't take it on demo.
I say, I'll be you.
I want you to come Culeo.
Hey, I want you to come to church.
I will not bring my things on you.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
As you are thinking, I'm also thinking.
Yes.
Feelings are mutual.
Me actually got my son in front and said that you are balls.
Hey!
You said today when I went to church, I was called balls.
But at least I don't think they are stony ground.
I don't think this is what offends them.
No, I don't think so.
But I don't know about you.
You should rather even wish that I will use you.
Yes.
It's more honorable to be used.
That you can be used.
And it's not a problem.
Not after church, I have to find some 20 pounds of that.
So you see, you know the parable of the soul?
Today I'm using it to explain to you different types of faith levels.
But how do you believe what you believe in?
What throws you off?
What has turned you upside down?
We are the same person who said that to Bishop, I really love your preaching.
I mean, I really like this church.
I mean, as for this church, I mean, unless heaven comes.
So long as heaven delays, I shall be here.
So, so commentaries.
Yeah.
But you see that you are not.
You are not as solid and strong as you thought you were.
But God is taking you higher today.
Amen.
As a God is changing your levels today.
So, ladies and gentlemen, very quickly in in closing.
In closing.
The title of my message today is Faith Giants.
So, how do you become a faith giant?
Three quick steps.
Three.
You want to know, isn't it?
Yes.
Faith giant.
How many of you want to be faith giants?
Giants of faith.
And even tell God that, God, please add my name to Hebrews 11.
Can you slot my name in there?
Yes.
Because they just shall live by his faith.
They just shall live by his faith.
they just shall live by his faith.
What are you believing God for?
What are you doing for God?
What are you using your life for?
How are you spending your life?
Just to get a boy to propose to you?
Oh please, come on.
That's when I'll say please, please, come on.
Come on, you can do better.
Come on.
On and come.
You can't end there.
You can't end at that point.
You can't.
You shouldn't.
You are being too easy.
It's too easy.
It's too easy a sport.
You can't.
end there.
You shouldn't end there.
It should be like my journey from over station here.
It should be another step.
Hey have you forgotten that?
Oh yes.
I'm very happy with my beloved.
I was very happy with the route here.
I had no problems on there.
I had no problems.
I was actually, I was even on the phone, I was telling someone things I can see on the way that, oh, there's this here, there's this, hey, as I was putting the guests in, they said, major event here.
People are clapping for some people as they are walking in.
I said, the major event, good things are happening.
I was running commentary, I was very, very happy on the way, but I needed to get here.
The aim is to get here.
There was nothing to celebrate on the way.
Nothing to celebrate, nothing to stop you.
Nothing to tell that you have arrived, you are there.
Can you imagine as you all come to you see me sitting by one of the traffic lights and say, I'm in church?
When you ask me, what am I doing?
I say, can't we have church here?
Can I preach to you people here?
Would you stand in the cold?
Let me preach.
Can you imagine if you see me standing there?
Can you see how odd it looks?
That's how odd he looks.
He just in the faith.
He started speaking in tongues.
One, two, I don't know what you've done even.
It's like, that is it.
That shouldn't be it.
That can't be it.
It can't be it.
Their territories calling you.
You, their territories calling you.
their nations calling you, their cities calling for you, their souls, their campuses that are saying, calm for us.
We want to go to church.
Will you come for us?
Amen.
They are great things to do, great things to do for God.
And you are very young.
You are very, very young.
Start now.
Start serving God now.
Oh, you have other things you want.
I don't know what you want.
I don't know whether you want to go and borrow.
Oh, you're borrowing all the things, but still serve God.
If that's what you really want to do, I won't advise you to do it.
But if that's what you really want to do, you are determined to do it, even when you have it, still serve God.
Though you will see that it's difficult to serve God, but still serve Him.
I want to drive.
Car, put yourself, S-Class.
No problem.
When you are coming to join you move the S-Class, feel it with souls and bring them to church.
That's all.
Make sure your S-Class is full of souls.
Yes.
S-Class souls.
With good Ida music booming in the car.
you are driving and cruising.
When you sit in it today, you have some songs in it.
When you get to the gates of the of the check, then you turn it off.
Number one, to become a faith giant.
Look, you can be recording me adding to your story.
No, they've deleted it.
They've deleted it.
Are you becoming faith people?
Faith Giants.
That's the title of our message.
So number one, Faith Giant is created by hearing.
Romans 10, 17.
Clear direct message.
Hearing.
Are you surprised?
Are you surprised that the blessings that we read at weddings in Deuteronomy 28,
It says that all these things will count to you if you hacken.
That is, if you listen.
If you listen.
You see, some of us have not been listening.
It's true.
Yes.
If we've been listening, there are certain things we wouldn't be doing.
And there are some things that you will do.
Yeah.
Is it one of the signs of a faithless person?
is when you have to repeat instruction.
You know, this person is not listening.
And when somebody is not listening, that person is also the same person who is stubborn.
And the stubborn person is the same person who is saying that I won't do it.
So is the person even feels that what are the youth instructor?
The person feels about what are you not getting?
If I would have done it, I won't do it.
But some people are polite.
They are nice.
So they'll call for meetings, interviews, discussions, reasoning, summit.
We should meet.
We should meet again.
Me why?
Your instruction is clear.
I start clear.
But meetings, so-so meetings, because the person is not listening.
You see, when you're not listening, according to the drama chapter 28, there's no blessing.
There's no blessing because you become faithless.
There's nothing that you believe in.
You believe in something else.
Sometimes you are even pushing, pushing and forcing your leaders, pastors, fathers, whatever you have to agree with your wrong decision.
So that you will say, pastor said,
And the wise pastor at the point, we just start saying, wow.
Anything he says, he says, wow.
It's powerful.
Oh, great.
Yes.
He said here, if all these blessings shall come on thee, and if it overtakes thee, if thou shalt hacken to the voice of the Lord, if you will listen, if you will listen.
Hearing, hearing guides you into a blessing.
Hearing.
Just hearing.
Respect your father.
Have a good relationship with your father.
Am I your father?
You see, if you can just hear.
Instead of when you hear the instruction that you also explain why your father is a difficult man.
And you keep explaining.
You see there they are called somebody for.
meeting and I remember I said to the people around when the person was coming, it's like let's go home, it's time to go, let's go home.
I've even taken my coat, I was taking my coat out of the office.
I said, God, this man is going to be for five minutes.
I said, just five.
When this person entered the room, I was there for almost 30 minutes.
A very, I had
no bad feeling, nothing.
I was just saying that if we do this and this and this, that's all finished.
No, but anything I say, explanation.
And I was wondering, can't this person just hear that I'm saying that, come, let's do this together.
But the person won't hear.
Till I just took my call, I said, hey, we are blessed.
I said, my escape route was, I said, look, I need to we.
So, excuse me, let me go and weep.
By the time I went to weep and I came back, I just went straight for my coat, wore my coat.
I said, bless, sad, bless.
Let's go home.
Yes.
Hearing, hearing.
Hearing.
Just hear.
Don't argue.
Don't talk.
Hear.
Pay attention.
Read, read prophets and see wisdom crying.
He said, you say, my son, my son, my son, attend unto my sayings.
Attend, my son, attend unto my sayings.
Pay attention to what I'm saying.
Believe what I'm telling you.
Don't argue.
Don't talk back.
Pay attention.
He said, incline thy ear to my sayings.
My son, my son, my son.
Listen to me.
You see, you see the prophets.
You see them screaming, wisdom screaming.
Hear me.
Pay attention.
Incarnate your ear.
Faith, it comes by hearing.
Reduce your hearing.
In the faith, you reduce your faith levels.
You don't have, you discover, you don't have much that you're doing.
You can't do much.
Because you are full of battles and arguments and points to prove and points to explain.
My son, my son, incline your ear to my sayings.
My son, I'm saying something.
I'm saying something.
Can you please pay attention to what I am saying?
Like I'm talking to you this afternoon.
I'm saying something to you this afternoon.
Do not underestimate your faith level.
You are what you are because of what you believe in.
You are what you are.
And you are the way you are because of what you have decided and chosen to believe and the point up to which you have chosen to believe.
They just shall live by his faith.
My son, hear who hear?
Because faith, it comes by hearing.
what you are hearing is defining you.
You hear the voice of problems.
You become a very problematic complex person because you only hear problems.
You only hear problems.
You only see problems.
Problems control you.
It controls your mood, your mood and your feelings.
You're happy today, tomorrow you're moody because you are hearing another voice.
Faith comes by hearing.
Surround yourself by preaching and with preaching.
Surround yourself with preaching.
Hear preaching all the time.
You don't hear enough preaching that is why you're not doing certain things.
Yeah.
Is not we had had enough preaching?
Enough preaching by the prophet?
If you listen to the prophet, some of you that have known for a while, some of you don't really know you yet.
But something that I've known for a while.
You'll be center leaders by now.
Others will be pastors by now.
Others will be missionaries by now.
Others will have large churches by now.
Others will have acute church.
That is, you know, the usual struggles.
You know, you have to struggle a bit before it to work.
It doesn't just start working like that.
You have to, you know.
When you feel it should work immediately, you are proud.
That's when I ask you, who are you?
Why should it work for you?
Why?
I'll even make a phone call to Heaven and say, it's not fair.
Not as you see, before they go to somebody's church, they see the church and say, I'm also going to start my own.
Because they feel, as soon as they go, they just rent a hall somewhere, and then people just come.
They said, no, we're going to do young people, the youth.
Yes.
We're going to gather the youth.
They'll come.
Let's rent a hotel room.
I wish it was by hotels.
I've rented all hotels in London.
I'll not even go.
I'll say, youth, go to this hotel.
You'll be blessed.
know if you if if you hear that I'm saying some of you that I've known for a while your status will be different but the fact that there isn't much change if any at all tells me tells me and this is my job and the Bible is backing me up that faith comes by hearing and the just shall live by his faith so if I'm looking for someone's faith I have to look at his life or look at his life
Your life tells me your faith.
And I see your life.
I see you.
So I need to have known you for a while to know your life.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm carefully saying.
But those that have known for a while, if you are so cares of messages, so cares and drinkers of me, you'll be different.
You'll be different.
You'll be a different person.
I'll be trying to control you and to slow you down.
and you'll be saying, no, no, no, no.
You will feel that I am, I'm, I'm backslidden.
I'll be trying.
I'll be trying to say, relax.
Why?
Why are you the what?
Are you what?
Can't be saying that.
Relax.
No, no, no, no.
See, that's the person who is hearing.
As he's hearing, his life is changing.
Because the just shall live by his faith.
And faith comes by hearing.
So what you are hearing in your life are very, very related.
We can measure, we can measure what you are hearing by your lifestyle.
Your lifestyle tells us what you are hearing.
How much of it you hear?
Not I've heard but how much of it you've heard?
How much of it?
How much of it you've heard?
Then if you've heard enough and you are still not changing, then then it comes that maybe you are stubborn or stony
Yeah.
Not good soil.
Because if it was good soil, you'd have changed by now.
It was good soil.
But no, you'd be daddy's darling girl.
You'd be daddy's darling boy if you've been sucking.
You would be like, you know what I said?
Yes, Lord.
Yes.
You would have asked, you see, your concerns about life will be
you're calling that am I called?
Am I answering the call?
Am I doing the work of God?
But we can see that you don't hear anything.
You're not hearing anything.
I don't know that you've met people and you all just chatting.
and you bring a topic and you see that someone is out of his depth.
That is a person can contribute intelligently to the subject.
That you know that no this person is out of his depth.
You just laugh.
But you can be active in the conversation just by making sounds which are not speeches.
Then you will see that this person has not heard enough of the subject or has not heard the subject at all.
So that's how it is preaching.
Is it your center leader?
The people where they come, they've come to listen to you.
Though they don't know much, they're expecting to be fed.
If you talk up to the point of which they know, the temptation sets in.
It's like, mm.
Mm.
Faith comes by hearing.
By hearing.
Soaking messages.
Read books.
I've recommended a book to you for a whole year.
For a whole year.
It's not a two day book or a one day book.
I dare even say for the rest of your life.
But that will not make you take me serious.
That's what I've said a year.
A year.
50.
And I said, take it in bite sizes.
Bite sizes.
Bite.
Don't chew more.
Don't bite more than you can chew.
Bite sizes.
It will last for a year.
You become a faith giant.
And we ask you, how did you get here?
How did you do this?
You say, look.
By hearing.
The next step in becoming a faith giant is by seeing what you see, what you see.
What people see has really affected them.
People are really affected by what they have seen.
May every negative thing you have seen, may you be healed from that thing.
Amen.
Now I'm talking to the sisters.
And the brothers will benefit.
I was talking to the brothers earlier, you are laughing.
Ladies seem to be very affected by relationships and the relationship or the marriage of their mothers.
Ladies easily adopt the problems of their mothers.
Yes, in the battles of their mothers.
That's a nice, you even have to understand somebody before you believe that it does the person.
Otherwise you wouldn't understand your problems.
Because the problems the person is giving you is what they have seen and therefore what they believe in.
They believe that men are a certain way.
That's why you haven't done anything, but the person is accusing you already.
I mean, can you imagine?
Can you imagine?
A football match.
I mean, if you know football.
Can you imagine?
A football match.
They kick off from a place they call the center circle.
So can you imagine?
The referee is there.
He just blows away.
It's got to start.
So usually, the person, they just pass the ball this way.
And then they start.
And then they pass it all the way back.
because of the game plan and they start from the back to build up.
Yes.
So, can you imagine that?
And I'm going to explain some of your relationships to you.
So, you will be wise.
Because the person you are dealing with has seen certain things.
Well, the person is a certain way.
And therefore, the person is not marryable.
Yes.
When I was calling some, I was saying some people are behaving like balls.
You were here.
Were you not here?
Yes.
So can you imagine a match starts, 11 players on this side, 11 players on this side, then one side of the team, one side of the team says that no, no, no, no, no, in this match, in this match, you and you will be shown the red card to go off now.
First seconds, it's like we are not playing, we are not playing until you go off.
Give me one word you will use to describe
that team and the players that are saying that no no no we have seen it already we've seen it before we came here that you you the goalkeeper you the goalkeeper and the midfielder you'll be shown red card to go out now so that we can play go out now and as we are not playing that they all sit on the floor give me one word you used to describe them madness isn't a madness so when someone start telling you things you haven't done
based on their imaginations and their past experiences.
Is it not madness?
You haven't done, the person is imaged that you will do.
You have in the discussion now is what if you do?
What if?
and you just started you just started and you are going to you are going to live you are going to live tonight it means that the marriage will last for about 70 years and you are planning wedding hey even on your wedding day you are you are you are in great tension
as we are playing.
You're already an adulterer.
You haven't started the game.
You're not married.
You're not even called a fornicator.
But you've been promoted into the rank of an unfaithful married person.
And you are taking such a person to the doctor.
You are coming to play for a match with people who are saying that go off the field.
Go off.
Otherwise, we won't play.
go off.
So we start playing.
And then, and then, having finished my story, and then when the two go off.
So now it's come nine against eleven.
Not that they're even playing.
Then they start jubilating.
We won the match.
Then they tell, look, make this course is four nil.
Make it four.
We won.
Is it not madness?
And they are saying it is what we have seen or what we have seen before.
Yes.
What you have seen, what some people have seen, it has formed ideologies and philosophies for them.
It's the basis of their faith.
That is the basis of their life.
Preach.
You're preaching.
It is what they believe in.
It is what they expect.
Because they remember daddy.
They remember daddy.
Or what they were told daddy was like.
Or the explanation that was given to them for daddy's behavior.
But they never ask daddy that, how did you even find yourself in this state?
For daddy to say that, you know, the young shall grow.
You see, one day a little piglet asked the mom, but you and daddy, why are your noses so big?
Why are your noses so big?
Little piglet, why are your noses so big?
He said, especially daddy's.
Daddy's very big and thick.
And mommy pig looked at little pig and said to him,
Do you understand the expression, the young shall grow?
Meaning that you will grow up and you will become like us.
When you grow up, you understand.
Yes.
So if you don't understand some things, because you are young, but you've taken sides already.
But you are too young to take sides.
Maybe you are not too young, you are not too young.
You don't have enough knowledge of the things that are happening.
You don't know much about it.
If you could know a lot more, you would change sides quickly.
You would switch sides very fast.
And fathers look more wicked than mothers.
I don't say because I'm a man.
the heel of your sexist mind.
But a man, a man naturally looks not strong or wicked.
A man looks wicked capable of doing bad things.
That's what I advise you to cut your hair so it softens you.
Softens you a bit.
your hair, your beard and things, you're already profiled.
Anyway, you're already profiled.
If there's a problem, the security, whatever, arrive, don't arrest you.
Don't arrest you, don't leave the lady.
I mean, imagine Dandan, you get to a place and you sit down, will you arrest her?
You will protect her.
But meanwhile, meanwhile, perhaps she's the one.
But when you are not experienced and you get to a place and you see Dan Dan, look at her face, look at her face.
Yes, you think that.
Is it because of your lack of experience and you run to her defense?
No way.
Perhaps anyone you see her husband,
Okay, say no.
I'll save you from that one.
Maybe he has done, done, he has clived.
You say, hmm.
Just clive even the way he walks.
Have you seen clive?
Don't you know that?
Have you seen?
Yes.
See you walking.
And you see Dan Dan.
Meanwhile, I don't know.
I'm just giving an example.
But you only know part.
And you're building your faith on insufficient information.
And wrong information.
How can you judge someone by the way he walks?
Because he walks and he's a wicked person.
You know, yesterday, yesterday evening,
I was at some type of a place, I was in a place for something.
And then I saw, I was sitting on, I was on stage and the people were there.
So I could see everybody and everybody's behavior.
I was watching teens.
Then I saw this guy walking.
He walks like that.
You see, when I saw him, when I saw him, I said, I knew this guy.
I knew him.
And I remembered him when we were teenagers.
He loved the gym.
He was into, into gymming.
And I always remember standing in front of a house, standing in front of the gate.
And he passing by, every time he gets there for some reason, he wasn't my friend or anything.
Every time he gets in front of my gate, he would just shout my name.
You know, my name.
He would just shout it.
And then he would be wearing singlet, yellow singlet, blue singlet.
So as I was sitting there, as I was sitting on the seat, I saw this guy walking in.
Is it now he's grown up a bit?
He must be in his fifties now.
So he's a little oldish, but the walk has, so I identified him by the walk.
He just walked in.
I mean, well, darling man.
And then when he sat down, when he sat down, he looked up and he saw me on the stage there.
He said, I said, it's me.
It's me.
There he was.
Can you define someone's character by the way they walk?
So I asked somebody behind, by Miva, what's the name of this guy?
What's his name?
I couldn't remember.
Did they mention that?
I said, yes, that's the name.
That's the name.
That's the guy.
He loves the gym.
You can still see remnants of gym on him, even in his 50s.
I mean, the belly has filled up a bit, but it's not.
The shoulders are still a little, the arms are still a little defined.
But you should see him in his teenage years.
The singles.
Yellow.
The one with the slim parts at the back.
Yes.
And he'll be walking on the street, so on the street to his house.
Walk, he'll walk at least about two miles.
from the jinx.
When he sees me, he'll shout their name.
I'll say, yeah, they'll also shout his name.
So yesterday, when I got his name, he looked at me again.
He was very happy to see me.
That's why I shouted.
I didn't shout.
Then he said, it's like, you've remembered me.
I said, yeah, yeah.
You've remembered me.
If I spoke to you, I'm sure I would have said, Hey Charlie, you there?
I don't know say you there here.
Even the way I work for preaching has changed too.
Seeing, I'm talking to you about seeing.
Seeing.
What you see.
That's what God said too.
Who was it?
Abraham said, as far as your eyes can see.
Was it Abraham?
As far as your eyes can see.
Your life, the state of your life, the quality of your life is as far as your eyes can see.
What you can see is defining who you are.
your decisions, your decisions, your decisions, your moves are based on as far as your eyes can see.
Some people, their eyes can only see the F. So it's like, I must have a house.
Then I'm finished.
I must have a house, a car, a shoe.
Because they can see as far as here.
And they can see as far as council tax, electric city bill, gas bill.
That's as far as they can see.
So it's like this degree they are struggling for is just to get a job.
A job for 32K.
And then I'm done.
That's as far as they can see.
So their faith level is to believe God to pass exams and to believe God to get a job.
Finish.
See, if Jesus appears, you say, oh, he of little faith.
Because that's how far, you can't see very far.
You can't see far.
You can only see bills, mortgages, car or loan.
few prices.
I mean, these are the things you can see.
You can't live beyond it.
To people, all they can see is a pair of hips.
That's all they can see.
That's all they are straining their lives for.
A pair of hips.
That is not going anywhere.
I mean, hips that are waiting for them.
But they are sweating and hyperventilating over it.
Over hips that are waiting for them.
If it takes 20 years, the hips are there.
We are praying for, we are praying for Ted growth.
Yes, father, let the Ted grow, okay?
But father, the hips.
Let no man take.
Yes.
I am giving all this land as far as you can see.
As far as you can see.
Those who have become eternity minded, see their decisions are different.
Their troubles are different.
Their persecutions are different.
Their stresses of life are different.
Their problems of what they classify as achievement and accomplishments are different.
As far as the eyes can see.
Some can see eternity.
Some can see heaven.
Some don't see it at all.
They see it here.
We are going to sleep here.
able to impregnate each other and come and dedicate the baby.
Yeah.
Because they were, they were also living here chewing pounds.
But you see, their, their, their eyes, their eyes have been made to see, to see.
Cause when, when you listen to, when you listen to prophets and say your eyes will see feather, your eyes have been seen feather.
Cause you don't listen to it.
Don't tell me you listen.
You don't.
So that you tell yourself you don't so that you can start.
so that you can start it, so that you can listen to it properly.
You can't be listened and be like this.
Even join the choir, you can join the choir, and you tell me you listen to Prophet.
You listen, you listen to...
The name I want, I want to mention is quite political.
I want to mention somebody who was killed not long ago.
You can't be even choir.
You can't join the choir and sing.
Choir.
Even to hide at the back and even mine.
If you listen to prophet.
That's how I'll say it once.
I'll not say it again.
Marks twice.
Because your life is explaining to me who you are.
Let's be coming, coming, hide at the back and even mine.
Be quick to obey.
obey quickly.
I mean, just do something.
I mean, you can't do it.
You can't.
I mean, you can't.
Able-bodied man.
You can't.
You have more faith in how to stop ejaculating than how to work for God.
How can I stop my jaculation?
Well, but how can I work for God?
How can I work for God?
And final point.
Do you understand as far as you can see?
So my dear girls who have seen problems, be healed from it.
And start looking at things that have worked.
Look at things.
You see, I don't, I don't, I don't by the grace of God, by the grace of God.
I don't concern myself or worry myself about ministers who are failed.
If I do, I mean, there are some books that gives you the weakness, the rise and fall of some ministers.
Yes, you just learn it for less, but I don't focus that.
What if I fall?
What if this also happens to me?
No, my eyes are on the people who are there and are still there.
The people that the anointing has remained upon them.
They are there.
They have gone through.
They didn't fall.
They didn't appear.
You see, once, once I try to count how many people do I know who have failed in this life or who have fallen into sin?
And I realize that I don't know.
I don't know many.
If any are to go.
I don't.
My eyes are on those.
When you think of our prophet, you think of Billy Graham.
Right.
I've given you three names of people who have lived and died.
Yeah.
Tell me, tell me what type of problems they had.
They must have had some problems.
But you see, they didn't fall.
They didn't deviate.
They stayed.
See, there are people that stay on course to put your eyes on such people.
Your faith level will rise.
Don't don't concern yourself about people's feelings, people's backs like this.
And that becomes a discussion.
Have you heard?
Have I heard what?
Have I heard?
Have you also heard Romans 10 17?
See people who did well.
See marriages that have worked.
See marriages that have survived.
See churches that are growing.
and stable.
See that.
Put your eyes on that.
See missionaries that have done well and are doing well.
Your faith.
Your faith will swell.
It will swell up.
Your faith swell.
Amen.
Don't make grumpy boys and girls your friends.
Grumpy people don't make them your friends.
Amen.
And don't ride on people's faith.
Already this morning, first part of the message I've sent you from riding on my faith.
I'm looking for myself.
Will you truly for yourself?
My faith is to encourage you to serve God.
Build your own faith.
Now my final point, because it's time to go home.
My final point is meditation.
Meditation.
you meditate on.
What fills your mind and your head?
If you are hearing and seeing, you will have something to meditate on.
Yes, please.
We all know Joshua one seven and one eight.
Okay.
Because meditation gives you strength and courage for war and for the battles.
Because there are battles.
If you have, you are meditating on the word and what God is saying.
You gain strength for the battles.
You meditate by eating the word, Jeremiah 15, 16.
The words were found and I did eat them.
and I did eat them.
I told her, eat faith secret, bite sizes.
And then ministry, faithful ministry comes also by eating.
Revelation chapter 10 verses 8 through to 11.
As you eat, you are ashered into ministry.
You can't tell me you've been eating if you're outside of ministry.
and watching and criticizing and running commentary.
Your greatest achievement is a pair of heaps.
The greatest thing you've ever achieved in life.
I don't have much respect for you.
I'm sorry to put it so bluntly, but I don't have much respect for you.
doing through something before and you advance, when you see somebody now feeling like it's the greatest thing to watch.
It looks like a small boy.
It's like a small boy.
It's like a child.
Next time you go for a wedding, look at the faces of the grown-ups.
You know, the young people are excited.
You see the grown-ups, most of them, their face is making a sound.
Should I tell you the sound?
The sound is, hmm.
Because it's like, you know.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
It's like you're now starting.
The feeling is more like, yeah, yeah.
is when you go to place, you have to observe things.
I see their face all the time.
These are the old people to my right and the young people to my left.
You see the old people, they're just sitting there.
You see some of the parents, even the tension between them, tension is palpable.
Tension, you see.
But it is like almost like, let our children, you just do it.
If you follow such people, hey.
You say, why don't you go through something?
It's like, hey, get it quickly and let's go and do the battle.
Don't stop there.
There's no way to stop.
There are more things to do.
that greater things do greater things to achieve.
So, if you hear your churches are waiting for you on an island somewhere.
Your church is like this.
Your church will be full.
You have your choir and you have your dancing stars.
Amen.
Yes.
And you also be preaching and pacing in between them.
Amen.
And say, wow.
You say, you remember.
You will be telling them, I remember when we were in London.
Yes.
And your dancing stars will say, preach.
Why you don't say it's me?
Yes.
But it's in you.
Don't stop.
Don't end as balls.
You are more than a ball.
Are you no more than a ball?
Yes.
Jesus, wouldn't you like a man that is more than a ball?
Would you like a guy that is taking you somewhere?
Well, when you marry him, they say, if it's quiet time, it doesn't have quiet time.
If it's quiet time, it doesn't have quiet time.
And I say, you think that, oh, Bishop, he has very wild imaginations.
The fact is that you are not hearing now.
If you are hearing or you see from the discussions, you have to have this quiet time.
If you forget about what the pastor has preached, when was the last time he used a verse to encourage you?
It's a very good.
Yes.
I have shared my quiet time with you.
I had my quiet time thing sometime last week, the troll me chapter nine.
I've shared it with you today.
I didn't plan to, but I saw something.
I said, oh no, this I remember.
I remember a verse.
A verse explains this thing to me.
How we can be presumptuous.
It was my quiet time.
You are the beloved.
I said quiet time to you before.
Apart from FaceTime.
I mean, has he given you a vest to allay your fears?
Yes.
When you are afraid and you are theory and whatever, for him it's his chance to phonicate.
That's when he starts comforting you.
Oh, come.
Oh, come my dear.
My darling, come.
Then he starts squeezing the pump.
Then you're also happy, you're closing your eyes.
And you think that's a comfort tablet.
It's not giving you verses.
Or even if he has no verses, even if he's saying, let us pray.
Let me pray for you.
Then he put his hand on your shoulders.
and say, Father, please give my sister comfort and strength, Lord.
Heal her in Jesus' name.
Then he says, it will be okay.
Don't worry.
Then he says that, don't talk out.
They say, let's go to Nandu.
Let's go to Nandu.
But why are you so excited?
Relax, sit down.
Come on, go back into the spirit.
Go back into the spirit.
You just dropped out of the spirit, back into the spirit.
Wouldn't you like a brother that can pray for you?
Yes.
Would like a brother who said, let us pray.
Let us pray.
And then if I see, even as you're praying that he realizes that you have been falling asleep, that he wakes you up and rebukes you, that you are so canal and flesh.
I see face giants in this place.
You do great works for God.
Stand to your feet and let's thank God for his mercies and his blessings.
But you normally don't clap like this.
What does it mean?
No.
Are you suggesting that other times I didn't preach well?
Because if you're going to be clapping, then you have to remember from today, 19th of January, till forever.
As soon as I say stand up, you have to clap.
You have to remember.
You cannot not clap again.
If you are going into clappings, yes, because
I don't know why you're clapping today, but I have to tell you.
No, relax.
Your test, your test will be next week.
Today relax.
It's next week that we'll see whether your clapping is righteous or unrighteous.
And maybe I'm going to be reading face secrets in bite sizes.
Yes.
Bite sizes.
I've shared with you my bite size.
Yes, what I've shared with you.
I also read it a couple of weeks ago.
My bite size is what I've come to vomit on you.
Yes.
My bite size.
Do you want to go and bite some?
Your whole life will be changed.
your whole life will be changing.
You will become stronger and stronger and more powerful.
Is the one the sister said to me, she said, he's been married for I think seven or eight years.
She said, for eight years continuously, I am working up every dawn by the voice of my husband praying.
Yes, that's what we say.
We're all in the church.
We're all married from the church.
We're all married from here.
You see what wakes you up?
Close your eyes and pray for yourself, Lord.
May my faith increase, Lord.
Pray.
Whatever, ask God.
Ask God for a hunger and a thirst for more of Him and more of His Word.
You know, listen.
have a better prayer topic for you.
Faith is an act, prayer is an act of faith.
So I want you rather to exercise your faith on things that have been disturbing you.
I want you to bind certain things and cast some things out of your life.
And also the scripture says that lean not on your own understanding in all your ways acknowledge God.
I want you also ask, we're going to pray for two minutes.
First minute, bind and cast out things that you know.
You know.
I disturb you and setting you back.
And then secondly, pray for yourself that Lord may your will be done in my life.
May your will be done.
May your will, not the will of somebody else.
Not the will of somebody else, but Lord may your will be done.
May your will be done.
Your will be done.
Your will be done in my life.
Not the will of somebody.
because the will of somebody can guide you.
The will of someone can even guide you out of church where God has planted you.
Yes.
The will, the will of a wicked demon filled somebody can guide you out of the will of God.
Pray for the will of God to be strong in your life, to be strong, to be strong in your life.
Are you ready to pray?
Yes.
First prayer, bind, cast out, cancel any negative things.
Secondly, pray the Lord your will,
not man's plants, not my will, not your feelings, but Lord your will be done.
Begin to pray.
Two minutes.
Just pray.
Pray now.
Believe in your prayer.
Believe it.
Whatever you cast today shall be cast.
Whatever you bind today shall be bound.
Pray against it.
Pray against the enemy.
Bind.
Kiss.
Cast out of your life.
Anything that stops you from living the faith life, believing more in God, following God, obeying God, working with God,
it out.
Throw it out.
Destroy it.
Anything that makes you blind and death from seeing and hearing what you need to see and what you need to hear.
Bind and cast out of your life.
Paddy Labakapata Paddy Mokalabashivakatalabastaya Matamadomafimakapatalabadibakapaya Matalabadibastaya Matalabadimasaya
Pray for the will of God.
Pray for the will of God in your life.
Displace the will of man.
The wishes of man.
The feelings of man.
Wicked spirit controlling others.
Pray that shall not influence your life and the cause of your life.
The cause of your life.
That you will not be led into a curse.
You will not be led into problems.
fear will not lead you the spirit of fear the spirit of complaining memories will not lead you will not guide you fear of failure will not guide you but faith the will of God the will of God the will of God the will of God
the will of God the will of God pray for his will pray that tonight the will of God shall be established in you and in your life pray from the back to the front everybody pray for the will of God
The will of God.
Call for the will of God.
Pray for the will of God.
It's the most important thing that can ever happen in your life.
The will of God.
Pray for his will.
Pray for his will to come to pass in your life.
His will in every aspect of your life.
His will.
His will be done.
pray for his will cry out for his will cry out for his will cry out for the will of God
Wail for the will of God Call for the will of God Your will of God Your will of God What you want of God What you choose of God Where you take me Lord Where you send me Lord What you do with me Lord Your will of God Your will of God
Close your eyes, lift up your two hands.
Every eye closed, two hands lifted up.
Two hands lifted up, every eye closed.
and all I want you to say, they say thank you to God.
Let's thank him now.
Begin to thank him now.
Begin to thank him.
Let's thank him.
Thank him that his will shall be done.
Thank him his will shall be done.
His will shall be done.
He will send deliverance to you.
He will make a way for you.
He will add his blessing to you.
Because of his will,
a miracle will happen in your life this week.
Because of his will, you shall receive a miracle this week.
Because of his will, you shall receive good news this week.
Because of his will, this year shall be your best year ever.
Thank you father for your will.
And thank you for your blessing.
Thank you for
It's manufacturing.
It's creating.
It's being created.
It's being made.
It's being sent into our lives, O God.
Thank you, Father, for that great will, a great will of yours that shall be established in our lives.
Thank you, Father.
We receive it and we say thank you in the name of Jesus.
Put your hands down.
Now, while every eye is closed, every head is bowed.
Very quickly, I want to pray for you.
If you hear somebody invited you to church, or perhaps you've been going to church, but deep in your heart, you feel far from God.
You feel backslidden.
Today, you want to say that Pastor, pray with me.
I want my sins to be forgiven.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
I want to surrender my life to the Lordship of Jesus Christ.
I want Jesus to be the Lord of my life.
Pastor, please pray with me.
If you're here like that, while every eye is closed, every eye closed, every head bowed.
You'll say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
Please lift up your right hand wherever you are and I'll pray with you.
Your right hand very quickly.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life.
Lift up high so I can see you.
Lift up high.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life.
God bless you.
Yes, I can see your hand.
Keep it up, keep it up, keep it up, keep it up.
Just your right hand.
Lift up high.
Pastor, pray with me.
I can see your hands.
I need Jesus today.
God bless you.
I can see all your hands.
You also want to join in.
You want to say, Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
I want Jesus to be the Lord of my life.
I want Jesus.
I want to have a good relationship with God.
Just your right hand and I'll pray with you.
God bless you.
I can see your hands all over the place, all over the place.
If you have your hand lifted up, I want to do one more thing.
I want to come to me here in the front.
come out of your seats and come.
Yes.
I can see you.
Come.
You lift it up your hand.
Yes.
Come.
Hello.
I can see you.
Come.
Come out of your seat.
Yes.
Come.
Wherever you are.
Come and join us.
Come.
Yes.
Join us here.
Jesus.
Yes, there is room.
Yes.
Come to Jesus.
Salvation is available for you today.
Salvation.
Jesus is calling you.
Keep singing.
Yes, the s room.
One more soul coming to Jesus today.
Come to him very quickly.
You
Jesus, if you are coming, come.
Though millions have come.
Yes.
Yes, there is room.
Come to Jesus.
I'm waiting for one more soul.
One more soul.
One.
One more life to be saved today.
Today is your day.
Thank you.
Let's bow our heads, close your eyes.
Those of you in front, I'm gonna lead you in a prayer.
So you pray after me, say, don't think it, say what I am saying as I lead you to give your life to Jesus.
I'm just guiding you in what to say to be saved.
Say with me, say heavenly Father.
Thank you for today.
I am a sinner.
Please forgive me of all my sins and of all my mistakes.
Heavenly Father, please have mercy on me.
I have done a lot of bad things.
I am sorry.
I repent of my sins.
Thank you for Jesus.
I believe Jesus is alive.
I believe Jesus died for my sins.
And he rose up on the third day.
Now say, Lord Jesus, please come into my heart.
Please come into my life.
Be the Lord of my life.
Say, thank you Father for accepting me today and for making me a child of yours.
Please write my name in the book of life.
Thank you, Father, for today.
Thank you, Father, for Jesus.
Thank you, Father, for salvation in Jesus' name.
Say your biggest amen.
Amen.
Thank you, Father, for your blessing.
And thank you for salvation.
Thank you for all these lives you have touched today, Lord.
May they be permanent in your house, Lord.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Amen.
Please receive this gift from us.
It's a book.
God bless you.
Receive it is for you.
It's yours for keeps.
God bless you.
At the end of the service, we would like to see all of you.
Can you see me?
All of you.
I would like to see you here, where these guys are waving.
So at the close of service, please make your way here.
Your book is your ticket to come and sit here.
So at the close of it, just make your way here.
Just whoever is in your way, just show them your ticket and tell them you need to come and sit here.
So God bless you.
See you at the end of the service.
God bless you.
May you go back to your seats.
Sit down, take your seats.
communion.
Come quickly.
Stay seated and pray for yourself as you see the communion.
It's a life changing seat that is coming into your life.
The blood.
Yes, that one.
Oh, you can sit.
The bride is on holiday today.
It's allowed here on honeymoon.
Why not?
Thank you for this blessed opportunity to receive the body of Christ and the blood of Jesus.
Let us be a seed of grace, a seed of mercy, a seed of strength, a seed of healing Lord.
Let this seed and this blood and body that we eat and drink, let it crash out every presence of evil, every sickness and every disease Lord.
may it disappear from our bodies as we eat them and as we receive them Lord.
Thank you Lord.
We receive and we eat by faith Lord.
May our bodies be healed.
May our lives be blessed.
Thank you for this great privilege.
A blessed every cup and a blessed every bread and I declare this is the body of
Thank you, Father, in Jesus' name, the body of Christ.
Eat it.
The blood of Jesus.
The precious blood of Jesus.
Drink all of it.
Father, may we see and experience the fruits of this communion we have received.
Let there be healing.
Let there be a staring in our spirit, Lord.
Let there be strength.
Let your power prevail.
Amen.
In Jesus' name.
What a powerful service we've had here today in First Love Church London.
I'm sure you can all agree that today's service has been a blessing.
We have been so blessed and so encouraged by the word of God that we have heard today.
The message was powerful and
everybody has been blessed by today's service.
I'm sure that you want to go and listen to this message again.
I certainly do and I will be doing so by heading back here later on to Facebook to watch this stream again from the beginning and enjoy the live experience and you can do the same too.
If you'd like to watch the live stream again, head on over to our Facebook page
First Love Church London, click on the video section and this stream will be available to watch again.
We're also on YouTube, follow us at First Love Church London where you can watch this message and all other messages here in the First Love Church.
And of course, do not forget to subscribe to the First Love Church UK Audio podcast, where you can listen to this message and all other messages preached by our pastor, Bishop Richard Iey.
Your life will be blessed and encouraged as you continue to soak in the Word of God, and you will truly see a real transformation.
Next week, we're here again at the Kia Oval from 1.30 PM, so make sure you join us and don't miss out.
I can't wait to see you there.
Have a blessed week.
We hope that you've been blessed by this message.
For more information follow us on social media.
Search for First Love Church London on Facebook and YouTube and First Love UK on Twitter and Instagram.
Have a blessed week!